Pooja Ranjan: Hey, Nick, so thank you for joining. I know that was giving us some hard time, but I don't know how it got enabled.
nixo: Yeah, no problem. It's the, it's the EF ZoomBot that is the host,
nixo: I have to figure out, like, I feel like there's a way to assign you as an alternative host, but for some reason, in the interface, when I try to do it, it won't let me pick anyone outside of the organization, and I don't know if that's because, like, some settings in our organization, but,
nixo: I have a meeting to jump into right now, but I think that we should meet and try to figure this out, because, like, it's not ideal for you not to have access to these… the transcripts, the logs, everything. You should be…
Pooja Ranjan: Sounds good, yeah.
nixo: of hosting.
Pooja Ranjan: Sure. Yeah, we can, connect async and try to figure it out one day, to solve it forever. All right, thank you, Nixa.
Pooja Ranjan: Sounds good. Appreciate it, yeah.
nixo: You invited us.
Pooja Ranjan: Welcome, Sam.
Sam: Hey, how's it going?
Pooja Ranjan: Good, good.
Pooja Ranjan: Just give me a second, sorry we ran into this host issue. We are trying to figure it out, hopefully it will be done by next week, but someone from EF
Pooja Ranjan: Helped us get it through for today.
Pooja Ranjan: We'll just get you started in… 1 to 2 minutes.
Pooja Ranjan: May you want to check your screen sharing in the meantime?
Pooja Ranjan: Sam, would you mind increasing font size a little bit?
Pooja Ranjan: Yep, that would work, thank you.
Pooja Ranjan: Do we need AIs?
Pooja Ranjan: For notes, I know the notes will be added on forecast later on.
Pooja Ranjan: Alright, I think this is time, we can perhaps go ahead and get started.
Pooja Ranjan: And people will join. I know a couple of authors have reached out to me, so they would be joining. In the meantime, we can go ahead and get whatever we can cover on the agenda.
Sam: Sure thing.
Sam: So I've already taken care of most of the.
Pooja Ranjan: Sam, one minute, please. We may have to hold this.
Pooja Ranjan: Akash to let us know.
Pooja Ranjan: Alright, welcome to EIP Editing Office Hour Meeting Number 78. This is issue number 1791 on Ethereum slash PM GitHub repository. In our today's meeting, we are going to look into EIPs as well as ERC pull requests.
Pooja Ranjan: We are joined by Editor Sam Wilson. Thank you, Sam, for joining us here today.
Sam: Happy to be here.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I see some of the authors have also joined,
Pooja Ranjan: So, perhaps we can go ahead and get started to maybe cover the first final proposal, if it hasn't been already done, and then we'll get to the PR for authors.
Pooja Ranjan: Request here.
Sam: Sure.
Sam: Hmm, so what do we do in here?
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Let's start by looking at there…
Sam: Okay.
Sam: So, standard interface for NMT… okay. NMTH is probably what it does… Okay.
Sam: A standard interface for NFTs specifically designed for AI agents where metadata represents agent capabilities requires privacy protection.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: This all looks like valid solidity.
Sam: Okay, then a reference implementation… some NFTs…
Sam: Yeah, that all looks good. All right.
Sam: You can go to final.
Sam: Alright, so what do we have in the chat here? So…
Sam: Alright, David, let's go take a look at your proposal here.
Sam: Did you have any specific questions, or just wanted to… just wanted to review on it?
david: Yeah, it would be great to just get a review for it.
Sam: Sure.
Sam: So, everything else looks good.
Sam: So, contract ownership… Okay, redefine a multi-step contract ownership interface.
Sam: We're a more secure client.
Sam: Or… more secure contract ownership management. This makes the ownership transfer
Sam: Into three distinct steps, with the first two steps performing the original owner, initiate, confirm, the remaining one step performed by the new owner, accept. Okay.
Sam: How do we enforce an optional time window between initiate and…
Sam: Shit. Confirm.
Sam: Stages to give industry room for review and make ownership key compromise.
Sam: Yeah, okay.
Sam: Okay. Ownership management is crucial, and on-chain security and a significant…
Sam: portion of the security assumptions of DeFi. On-chain management is crucial in on-chain security and a significant portion of the security assumptions of DeFi protocols. Smart contract wallets and on-chain utilities.
Sam: super minor, like, grammar nitpick here, but because this is a list, it's easy to read the second part as part of the list, but I don't think it is.
Sam: I'm not even gonna comment on that because it's really just nitpicking, but… yeah. The single-step ownership-style ownership mechanism has been in the industry for a long time.
Sam: Has been used ubiquitously industry go up.
Sam: Jessica Mercedes joining for a multi-step time gate ownership management.
Sam: Tog-gated ownership management… something. Process?
Sam: To enhance the ecosystems, contract ownership to a more viewable, stoppable, thorough, and secure. Okay.
Sam: So, yep, that's good. Multi-step ownable.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Must update the buffer period with initiation, then confirmation after the existing buffer period.
Sam: The brake train, owner keys come from a scenario, okay… Shouldn't this be an interface?
Sam: Mmm…
Sam: Okay.
Sam: Yeah, so…
david: Actually, this section was, written in this format to be in line with the original ownership standard.
david: And, within the ERC173,
david: If I'm not mistaken, within the rational, I think it had something in line with that.
Sam: Yeah, this is…
david: A fairly old standard, so it doesn't follow the rules as strictly.
Sam: Yeah, so… A good example here, like… sorry,
Sam: Other schemes that were considered is definitely good rationale content.
Sam: Because that, like, like, it describes why you made the choices that you made.
Sam: These ones seem more like… Very general things about the proposal, like,
Sam: So why would you want a multi-step ownership standard.
Sam: These… these things all answer that, except maybe some simplicity. But…
Sam: why do you want this particular… actually, even why you want this particular standard is still motivation. You'd want to answer things like,
Sam: I had a good example here somewhere… Yeah, this one here.
Sam: So… I'm not saying that you need to move this, to be clear,
Sam: this is just a good example of what rationale should be like.
david: Alright, yeah, I got your point.
Sam: Yeah.
david: I can have some nitpicking.
david: for this part.
Sam: Yep, that looks good.
Sam: Yeah, so, fix this up, and then, I'll get to review it eventually, and it should make it in.
david: Thanks.
Pooja Ranjan: Alright, we can move to our last call proposals.
Sam: Sure…
Sam: Okay So we do have an author approval on it.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Oh, I'm a… I'm an author on this one.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I noticed that, and I… I think that's why you had been asked for this one as well.
Pooja Ranjan: But it was already reviewed by Victor, so perhaps we can still take it, even if you are the other.
Sam: Yeah, okay, so…
Sam: Nancy, 7, 8, 2, 8…
Sam: Yeah, okay, good.
Sam: Mmm… Is there anything else immediately wrong?
Sam: No, okay, so… Let's give this a read, then.
Sam: Accessible matter if I want to refresh specific in one chain.
Sam: interpret addresses…
Sam: Really? Hmm.
Sam: I really don't like that this is a plural, and then refer to with a singular, but I guess that makes sense. Is a binary format to describe an address specific to one chain with a companion interoperable name specification for human-readable display?
Sam: This is achieved for version length prefix, binary envelope that supports every link, binary data, the interpretations utilization rules for the data within the computer.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: Oh, interesting. I didn't realize we supported definition lists.
Pooja Ranjan: Sam, a question.
Sam: Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: So, for this
Pooja Ranjan: PR, like, could we merge that as last call just now, or we should wait for the author to come back with the changes? Because it does not look like very big of changes. Definitely something that needs to be done before the funnel.
Sam: Well, they're going from drafting to last call, so we probably have to.
Pooja Ranjan: emerging from you anyway.
Sam: ways, so…
Pooja Ranjan: So that's a very fair point. Perhaps we can change the status right over here as well.
Sam: Yeah, that's… I'll probably do that.
Pooja Ranjan: And then the author will get plenty of time to make further iteration on this one.
Sam: K, B, and F, J, K…
Sam: Yeah, everything else seems fine. So…
Sam: And then because I'm an author on this, I don't… oh, I can't edit it.
Sam: Well then…
Pooja Ranjan: Then we must add it as a comment, yeah.
Sam: Yeah, okay.
Sam: So that will stay like that.
Sam: Alright.
Sam: 1, 2, 2, 4… What's going on with this one?
Sam: Unaddressed comments… that's… Go and take a look at that.
Sam: Okay.
Sam: So, the 18th…
Sam: Okay…
Pooja Ranjan: We should have some background music for these.
Sam: Yeah, I know, I know. Sorry.
Pooja Ranjan: Oh, no, you're doing great!
Sam: It's, it's a little easier when there's authors here to talk, but when it's just, me reading proposals, it's.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah.
Sam: K…
Sam: Possible, I don't remember.
Sam: I guess it isn't possible, because…
Sam: You'd end up with… yeah, okay. So…
Sam: Okay…
Sam: 1333. So what are we looking at here?
Pooja Ranjan: The last, last call proposal on agenda today.
Sam: Yeah.
Sam: Hmm… Cool. So, this was the Instrumental Standards Method for On-Chain Treasury Management of Institutional Assets.
Sam: Ensuring secure private key generation hierarchical management department, yep.
Sam: Yeah, I mean, that seems good to me.
Pooja Ranjan: Alright, so we have one… Proposal move to last call today.
Sam: Yeah.
Sam: 7, 8, 9, 3… 37 review… oh my god, there's a lot of stuff in here. Okay, a lot of them are images. That's… that's good.
Sam: Alright.
Sam: Okay, core interfaces…
Sam: Hmm…
Pooja Ranjan: I mean, it's good to see DeFi-related proposals also coming in, DeFi protocol.
Sam: Yeah, yeah, it's nice.
Sam: So, what would be the best category for this? I'm just trying to understand here. It's like interface for DeFi protocol to implement verifiable solvency proofs and monitor financial health status.
Pooja Ranjan: Should we still categorize it as ERC?
Sam: Yeah, I think so. There's, like…
Sam: URC is kind of, like, a really broad category. Interface…
Sam: Interface, I think, has been used historically for RPC methods and for, like, solidity-level standards.
Sam: This one is definitely an application-level standard, so I think it still makes sense as an ERC.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, I mean, otherwise it will always create a confusion, because when the EIPERC repo split happens…
Pooja Ranjan: Happened, then some of the proposals were, like, in that.
Sam: Yeah.
Pooja Ranjan: The to-go status, yep. Let's keep it ERC, it's simpler.
Sam: K…
Sam: The, use of tables and emoji definitely makes me think this is a, ChatGPT proposal.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah…
Pooja Ranjan: I mean, many times people take help of ChatGPT to maybe avoid any kind of typo, kind of do a better formatting and things like that, and then…
Pooja Ranjan: While doing so, these things appears as well.
Sam: Yeah, like, I don't mind…
Sam: like, using ChatGPT to help, it's when they just generate pages and pages of content that doesn't really add anything to the proposal that it gets kind of annoying.
Pooja Ranjan: Yeah, absolutely.
Pooja Ranjan: for a DeFi proposal usage of AI.
Sam: Alright.
Pooja Ranjan: We are joined by David again, maybe want to revisit.
Sam: Oh, sure.
Pooja Ranjan: Number 1 to 1-2?
david: Yeah, I have addressed all the comments.
david: Performer mentioned.
Sam: Alright, let me just reread these. Yep.
Sam: Alright.
Sam: Okay…
Sam: So how does this work? Let me go back down here… Mmm…
Sam: First steps that you initiate to a new owner.
Sam: Mmm…
Sam: So that… I'm not gonna, like, hold up the proposal on that, I'm just throwing it out as a suggestion. That's good.
Sam: Okay… Yeah, then this is just moving your rationale.
Sam: Awesome.
Sam: Yep, those become interfaces.
Sam: Hmm…
Sam: No, interesting. So the idea would be if the,
Sam: Owner's key is leaked, then they could, like, front-run the attacker trying to change it.
Sam: But doesn't that also work in the opposite direction? Doesn't that mean the attacker could front-run any…
Sam: Ownership changes to…
Sam: like a… yeah, I guess it would just turn it into, like, a fight for gas fees.
david: Actually, it requires… this only happens if the attacker acquires the owner key.
david: So, if the attacker doesn't have the owner key, then
david: They would be not be able to…
Sam: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
david: Awesome, yeah.
david: It wouldn't be more of, like, a gas, because there is that time buffer, and within that time frame, the other side will have to flip it, and then, like, the ownership wouldn't be able to be transferred.
Sam: Yeah, so the…
Sam: The compromised key would remain the owner.
Sam: Basically, is the best case scenario there.
david: Yep, that's right.
Sam: Okay.
david: Because in the existing case, the compromised key can just switch the ownership.
Sam: Exactly, yeah.
Sam: Yeah. Cool.
david: Thanks.
Sam: Awesome, so that should merge, hopefully.
Sam: Yeah, thanks for coming out, and I think that's about all the time we have for today, so…
Sam: Talk to you all, next time I'm on.
Pooja Ranjan: Right, and for the next time… next week, actually, we are going to have EIP editing office hour for EIPs only, but we will meet Sam.
Pooja Ranjan: During the event that we are organizing, that is EIP Summit on 21st of November, so please check the agenda, you'll find the link. If you're around, you can come and meet us in person in the event, but Sam will be
Pooja Ranjan: There, in order to answer any question, kind of AMA, and we'll be going through some of the author's questions during that call.
Pooja Ranjan: So, yeah. Thank you, Sam, for joining, and everyone here for tuning in.
Sam: Take care.